hello to you with alexander and the project
in dubai
and today I will tell you about new
unique opportunities that has appeared
dubai
this is an opportunity to ride a trike I
it has experienced this morning
toured the city of dubai around the neck
for and throat then by jumeirah that mouth
I want to say it myself is very interesting
and fun for me well that's a lot
an interesting impression I used to ride
on a motorcycle here is certainly safer
it's fast this speed and open sky
above you ie see all
sights of dubai can
much better this is more interesting
today I want to introduce you to one
man his name is francesco and he
I came specially from Italy to
try this new tool and by
part-time was my driver
now as the first trip on trike
perviy movie again which i will
do watched something super fine ready
tell your friends about it
Now whether I will fly port Vitaly immediately
and Russian jumped here Dubai was
fun there horn come here
always take this amount on this person
radiation that most liked
music energy is hot and especially now
which the
if we talk about the very trike it is very
convenient and important for me
safe there are pens to hold on but
honestly when you ride just
forget about it want to embrace well
more of what you want around
help people who are traveling close to
you and a lot of emotion really
he accompanies the trip with the barley team ,
and whether any figure but you need 7 home for
tel tempo you sit down world of aviation keys
to those farley views for evening sake
fiat ford safar food surrogate
when i sat down for the first time actually
it was a bit scary a bit unusual but
here 's more drive adds of course
music because but to the merry music
is somehow more cheerful mood is not already
not so scary on a bike I may be not
I would have sat here especially on the roads
dubai here on the trike for girls for
girls it is interesting and safe not
you can expect
in conclusion, I would like to thank
fly bike for such a great day
in a sea of ​​emotions and for new experiences
if you want to go you have to
wish i'm sure go then
by reference she is down there you can find out
more about these interesting things
sign up and go further
Thanks to our drivers for a great day.
with you was alexander and the project in dubai
see you